t

I have one request for Christmas 2023 and for my 34th birthday on 13_JANUARY_1990: for at least one person (especially a person who has never donated money to me before) to donate approximately five dollars to my website via the PayPal donation link on the home page of Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com (and also on the home page of Karbytes For Life Blog dot WordPress dot Com).

Such donations are useful to me as empirical evidence that my websites are not being censored on the public World Wide Web. 

(A strategy which I have been using throughout the entire time in which my websites have been under development is pretending that neither my websites nor my social media profiles are being censored from the public World Wide Web because doing so causes me to allocate cognitive resources in ways which I think are more conducive to making progress towards my personal goals (which encompass more "expensive" processes than merely surviving as cheaply and comfortable as possible) than assuming that such content is being censored from being found by members of the general public on the (surface-level) World Wide Web. If I assumed that only I, the police, and maybe a few other people were ever allowed to access my social media profiles and my personal websites while everyone else is unable to access that content if they visited the web pages in which that content is displayed, then I would not enjoy the process of developing and exploring my websites as much as I currently do because a significant part of what makes such an enterprise enjoyable for me is anticipating that other people will eventually discover my content and benefit from it and perhaps even connect with me via social media where they can share their own content of interest for me and others to discover. I would not want to limit such networking to only those who act as gatekeepers to the resources I want access to because, if I did, my networking experience would be too much like a jail and not enough of a hub for legitimate global commerce and information exchange).

If you are not comfortable making a monetary donation to me using the PayPal donation link on my websites' home pages (or if you are otherwise physically unable to send money to me via the PayPal donation link on my personal websites), I urge you to comment on the social media post which may have lead you to this web page or by sending me a comment in the form of an email message to karlinaberinger99@gmail.com. What I want you to do is tell me you found this web page and read it. I would also appreciate you telling me some details about yourself such as where you live, what you do for a living, what your interests are, what your main goals in life are, and any other information you want to share with me. You are welcome to send me and content you want to; questions and criticism included. I may or may not reply to all incoming messages I receive but there is a probability greater than zero percent that I will.
