/**
 * file: karbytes_22_december_2023.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 22_DECEMBER_2023
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

I hypothesis that it is possible for humans to create a software simulation which appears to humans to be a scaled-down (yet sampled thoroughly enough to appear to encompass every law of physics, mathematics, and symbolic logic in general) model of the (relatively) physical universe which encompasses that software simulation and such that the software simulation contains within it a functional virtual replica of the physical computer running that software (and each successive "layer" of virtual reality which is being simulated on the original physical computer is a "lossy" digital approximation of that layer's parent layer for some finite number of layers until some "base case" to that recursive modeling process is obtained (and I assume that such a base case is where the data is too incomplete or too corrupted to render a functional virtual universe (i.e. a universe which is capable of modeling functional computational hardware running functional software)).

(I originally started typing this note when I thought that there could be indefinitely many virtual reality layers inside of one computer simulation using the argument that all phenomena are fundamentally confined to and consisting of cyberspace (i.e. software simulated realities)).

(I would define a phenomenon as some spatially and temporally finite collection of observed qualia which can be approximately (if not entirely to completion) replicated within the confines of some computer simulated universe).

* * *

Perhaps the only people I (and perhaps every "able bodied" other) should confide in concerning personal feelings is either a mental health professional whose services I pay for or else I should not bother disclosing those personal feelings to people other than myself. (At this point in my life I do not see myself ever again needing to confide in another human being concerning my personal feelings because I have become fully integrated with my solipsistic worldview and believe that the only things an intelligent being can ever care about is what that intelligent being has knowledge and awareness of existing).

I think that mental health professionals are useful in assisting people who are deemed to be too "mentally ill" to properly maintain themselves and to offset the burden their existence incurs on human civilization at large through some kind of community service obligation (whether that service is paid or unpaid; voluntary or mandatory). I suppose what I really mean is psychiatric prisons (i.e. psychiatric hospitals). Such institutions provide an effective and relatively cheap means to prevent such "mentally ill" people from inconveniencing other people. The world outside of prison is ideally only populated with mentally well people who strive to always be of service to their community. (A person who does not always want to serve their community is not exactly mentally well and probably will need to eventually be incarcerated or disposed of so that the commmunity thrive as optimally as possible).

I do not require some other person (who could be a figment of my imagination for all I know) to acknowledge what I have to say nor to tell me compassionate, congratulatory, or didactic things about how I ought to think, feel, and behave. (I think that karbytes is "supposed to" (according to karbytes) exemplify being autonomous and extremely self-reliant (especially psychologically)). Some other people who do not have as robust of world models in their minds nor as compelling of personal goals as karbytes could genuinely benefit from professional mental health services such as counseling, medication, hospitalization, and assisted living.

(What inspired me to add this component to this note was thinking about how there are probably many more humans "in need" of professional mental health services than there are services currently being utilized to assist such people). 

While I claim to always be doing my best to be non-malicious and daresay even as compassionate and as helpful to as many humans as possible at all times, I appear to only have a finite amount of cognitive resources available at any given time along my personal space-time continuum which I solely appear to inhabit to invest in the livelihoods of any one of the humans which appear to be a part of my environment (and which I experience as non playable characters while I experience myself as the only playable character avaible (or at least the only one I am currently inhabiting (and it does seem to be the best of all options available for me personally (which is me attempting to imply that I am happy being whatever I am instead of something I am not))). Approximately 20% of all my wages from W-2 employment is taken out of my paycheck and given back to my community in the form of taxes. What I also do which may be considered charitable and useful to my community is participating in social media exchanges by publishing original (i.e. karbytes-created) content, sharing content which is not karbytes-created, and commenting or upvoting other social media users' content.

* * *

I noticed the following trend: if I try to keep my gaze focused only on what is in front of me and what I am thinking about while appearing to be oblivious to the world around me, other people tend to try to get my attention in obnoxious ways until I leave the premises or interact with them (and when I deliberately try to act aggressive and stare uncomfortably at people, they tend to not bother me). I almost got into a physical fight today twice and it was after I got sick and tired of other people being rude to me as I was trying to go about getting my errands done. I did not initiate violence while the other two guys did. One threatened to stab me in the neck with a pen.

It should be noted that I am content to never have sex with humans again nor even to touch them again given that porn is high quality, abundant, and diverse as fetishes are. I think sex is a waste of human potential and an arcane pastime for the destitute who "have no lives" so they decide the best thing they can do with their "surplus" time and energy is fuck around and risk getting someone pregnant or infected with sexually transmitted diseases. 

I am all for other people having as much sex as they want to their heart's content but I would prefer that stealth anticontraceptive chemicals be stealthily administered to all pregnant female humans who have not obtained government permission to bring that new human into society as one of its living breathing burdensome members.

I also see no need to have friends after all I have been through. I was fortunate to have unuusualy high quality intimate relationships and okay platonic friendships frome some people I met in middle school, high school, and university (but after that I basically stopped making actual friends and my life became substantially more difficult once I was "demoted" from being "practially engaged" to a person I thought I would spend the rest of my life with and in the same household with (i.e. Spencer Eugence Dyer) for approximately six consecutive years in which we spent almost every day and night together as best friends, fellow students, and lovers to not being in contact with each other (since he moved into a house with his new partner which seemed to have come out of nowhere) while I spent the vast majority of the past eight years hardly saying a word to anyone other than myself and the government spies I imagine are listening to me at all times). Now that I have established an online presence and have gone through my own trials and tribulations as self reliantly as I knew how to, I do not think I will ever have time for hanging out with friends and family which does not feel profoundly unsatisfying to me. I think I am far less lonely now that I have no friends and am almost always outside in the world by myself (because I find the home town I legally live at to be a bit depressing for me in particular given that people seem to regard me as someone to put away and let rot in a cage where I will be forgotten by the general public and perhaps completely erased from the Internet) because I never felt more alienated and forbidden to exist than when I felt obliged by relatively "low brow" people to mimic those people instead of reveal that I have deeper sentience and intelligence than they seem to have the neurons for. I am apparently "too much" for most humans to deal with. I see many of them insinuating (using indirect and passive-aggressive means only) that I should shut up and be portrayed as having nothing profound, interesting, or useful to say or do so that no one except for me thinks anything is problematic if all I do is waste away in a punitive coma for the remainder of my life.

On a positive note, I did look back though my business PayPal transactions over the past two years to remind myself of that one time someone other than my mom donated money to me through my personal website(s). It was probably due to the fact that the person I am referring to (which is a family friend my dad's age who lives at my dad's house named Steve) saw the Facebook post I made asking people to donate $3 to my website to help me verify that I am not being censored online. I suppose one example from yesteryear is sufficient for my purposes given that hardly any people seem to know that my websites exist (which means that it is extremely unlikely that anyone will be sending me donations nor reading a single blog post I have written in its entireity due to the fact that my blog posts tend to be verbose, not relevant to many people other than myself and my imaginary ideal peers (who probably due not exist and who probably never will (because the kinds of people I imagine to be my ideal peers would have had to be insiders to all that I have been through during the times I was growing up before the advant of smart phones and people being hyper connected to the Internet and the times I spent going through mostly intrapersonal dramas which seem almost impossible to share directly (and even indirectly) with minds other than my own (if any exist, if course(!)).

Anyway, I am on my way to get a print job done (for a new web page which I added to Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com named SIMULATION and which I shared as a social media post on my Twitter, Minds, LinkedIn, and Patreon profiles earlier today). I also might attempt to purchase a more compact sleeping bag than the "oversized" sleeping bag which I recently bought from Walmart after my compact sleeping bag went missing approximately a week ago. I do not like how the "oversized" bag does not fit inside my backpack and sticks out sloppily and in a non-streamlined way which makes it hard for me to move through crowded and narrow walkways when I have that backpack on with the bag strapped to the top. (To keep the bag dry, I have used at least two kitchen garbage bags to seal out as much rainfall as possible). I strongly suspect some misery mongering impoverished thugs decided to steal my compact sleeping bag so that I would not have the means to stay warm at night or so that I would be forced to take refuge at a shelter where other people can monitor me and exert a restraining influence on me so that they do not have to. I think that whoever stole my sleeping bag is also envious of my freedom and solitary nature and wants to do something to prevent me from enjoying such "luxury" which he cannot due to his particular social obligations and obligation to not act too happy, free, and independent of his homies. If I buy a new sleeping bag today (which I doubt I will have enough money to buy from REI), I will probably use up all my money (which seems to be what the thugs want). Also, due to the company I work for offering only scant hours during the Christmas week, I think it may be wiser for me to save my money instead of buy something I do not technically need right now but what would make me look and feel as affluent as I did before the thugs put their grubby paws on my personal belongings.

I am not a misanthrope because I do not identify as harboring hatred towards anything (much to the thugs' dismay). I think that walking around with violent thoughts and feelings is a symptom of not having enough time, space, and econimic resources to be comfortable and to enjoy personal hobbies. I seem to get those "murderous" thoughts in response to thinking that other people are literally sabotaging my health and happiness (long and short term). I think that investing in hatred is bad for my health and invites other people and things to attack me. So rather than stoke the flames of hatred towards whoever I regard as enemies of karbytes, I think it is better to avoid places and people which seem hostile to karbytes (which is surprisingly hard to do) and to feed my mind media which inspires, educates, or at the very least, entertains me).

There is a lot of angry, violence-prone, climate-indifferent, low-brow bullies in my midst as I write this note. Compared to me, I regard them as subhuman and preverbal. Hence, rather than try to converse with them and collaborate with them, I would rather treat them like people who are too severely brain damaged to learn anything new and to think outside the confines of the patriarchy they seem stubbornly mired in (even to their own detriment and to everyone else's detriment).

This is not the most high quality note I have ever written. It's not high quality enough to be turned into a rich-text web page. Hence, I will just leave it as a plain-text file on GitHub. I hope to find a way to not have to give any more publicity to the thugs who seem opposed to ending wars and to solving poverty and sustainability issues (because such thugs seem to be much more interested in getting revenge on those who they think deserve to be punished than they are on preventing further violence and damages to human civilization).

Unless you are karbytes reading this note, I doubt that this note is interesting or sensical to you. Not everything is about whatever is not karbytes!
