t

After not doing weed for three consecutive days, I noticed a significant increase in my short-term memory capacity and also in my ability to mentally concentrate on a particular topic of interest instead of that focus being diluted and more easily distracted by off-topic subject matter. Cannabis is still useful to me for pain relief and creative, relaxing activities such as making colored pencil drawings, but I think I have finally outgrown the stage in which I practically abused the substance by using it excessively often.

Approximately three days ago I went to the shroomery in Oakland to buy an eighth (of an ounce (and the term "eighth" colloquially refers to an amount of drugs which is approximately 3.5 grams)) of dried penis envy mushrooms and immediately consumed what I call a "microdose" of that "eighth". That was enough to get some of my pesky lingering self righteous indignation thoughts processed. (I figure that taking one of such "microdoses" per every three days is an ideal protocol for me personally).

Today while bicycling to Warm Springs BART station after clocking out of work at approximately noon, I was enjoying how easy today's work shift was for me and how small physical objects (which I immediately interpreted as helpful clues which other humans may or may not have intentionally left on the ground specifically for me in particular to see and to make sense of). While at work I felt a stronger sense of enjoying the presence of other people and ones who are becoming recurring characters in my formerly socially isolated life. I still rarely talk to people because I think I am a bit socially awkward and stressful to interact with face to face (because I feel very hyper sensitive and intense and have a penchant for dwelling on serious, morbid, and oftentimes stressful subject matter which is not exactly conducive to keeping the mood upbeat, light, and in the flow of things). I think in a few weeks I will be completely done feeling and acting like an ego-wounded "special snowflake" and act more like I belong and am in my element and not any more or less valuable than any other employee at my level within the company. There does not seem to be any real interpersonal conflicts between me and other people at my workplace. Today I was pleasantly surprised to see how nice and easy and well adjusted going about my life has been. 

As I turned left at the intersection near the McDonald's restaurant and Tesla factory at the entrance to the 880 freeway, I noticed how the aesthetics of that modern-looking McDonald's restaurant looks similarly minimalist and "user friendly" as the DXC5 Amazon warehouse I work at. That part of Fremont seems coldly futuristic in a manner which intrigues me. 

I got a bit overheated while peddling uphill towards the freeway entrance. I stopped to take off my jackets and put them inside of my backpack. Then I suddenly decided then and there would be a good time to take a hit from my DMT vape pen (which I have had for approximately three weeks). I took a moderately large hit and held my breath for a moderately long time (because I didn't want to do "too much" for that particular occasion).

I felt a slight body load and noticed what appeared to be a slight increase in the number of frames per second my vision was being rendered. I also noticed pig_gorl become more adamant in her speaking as though she wanted me to feel smothered by her weighted blanket of caustic and dysphoric noise. I felt and looked like a cool action figure moving gracefully on my bicycle amidst a backdrop of many cars moving around me. I was thinking something like, "This is my life. My job is to observe and ride on moving objects." For about an hour after than hit I felt a bit of quiet euphoria and sense of becoming more energetically streamlined rather than frivolous and neurotic in my use of energy. 

A part of me which resembles pig_gorl to some extent seems to be dying while a less megalomaniacal and less insecure version of me is taking up the space in my being where that restless, finicky, babyish, and fragile cunt used to reside.

I am happy to be alive and I am very happy with the life I have. In approximately one month I will turn 34 years old. One of the main reasons (if not the main) reason I feel this good (despite being very hard-working, busy, and exposed to uncomfortable situations daily) is knowing that I established the most important aspects of my personal websites (especially the website named Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com). I still intend to keep adding new pages to those websites but I think I have published and made sufficiently many backup copies of the digital files which constitute the subject matter and structure of those websites to say that, if I die within 24 hours, I have established a personal legacy which I am genuinely proud of and which I think will be valuable to human civilization whether or not I am part of human civilization 24 hours after I publish this note.
