/**
 * file: karbytes_08_december_2023.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 08_DECEMBER_2023
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

Within the past week karbytes decided to return the (100% petroleum powered) Toyota Matrix car which karbytes was borrowing from its parents back to karbytes' parents (who own that car). That is because karbytes is now certain that the least expensive (in terms of "karmic debt") commute option karbytes could choose is bicycling, walking, taking public transportation, and occasionally renting private transportation or paying for taxi (or Lyft, et cetera) rides.

karbytes was thinking about "karmic debt" with more intensity than usual during the past week. karbytes thinks (or at least finds it useful for karbytes' agenda to imagine) that each person (i.e. the mind of a sufficiently complex information processing agent) technically is immortal and has the potential to be incarnated infinitely many times and/or for at least one of those incarnations to endure for an infinitely long lifespan (and that how long a particular lifespan endures and what circumstances a lifespan originates within is at least partially determined by the cumulative "karmic debt" that mind undergoing the reincarnation has at the time immediately prior to each reincarnation that mind goes through (and, for some of each lifespan, that mind has a "window of opportunity" of "free will" in which to pay off some of that "karmic debt" and/or accrue more "karmic debt" depending on how that mind's chosen actions affect the well-being of that minds' body's encompassing ecosystem)).

According to karbytes, "doing the right thing" (in terms of maximizing ethical "good" and minimizing ethical "bad") means choosing the action (from a set of imagined actions) which accrues the least amount of "karmic debt" (and, the more "karmic debt" there is in existence (at least within one of potentially infinitely many universes), the more suffering there tends to be (throughout the entire respective universe)). 

Also according to karbytes, "doing the right thing" does not feel like a loss of intrinsic value to the doer of whatever that action is because the doer feels itself to be benefiting (and not at the expense of some larger encompassing whole comprised of multiple sentient and interdependent parts).

What karbytes is suggesting is that bad health, suffering, and other phenomena associated with a loss of intrinsic value (and with an increase in "karmic debt") is a symptom of not valuing such interdependence and, possibly instead, taking a relatively limited and largely fabricated anthropocentric and speciest worldview which essentially renders most humans as insatiably needy pack rats and breeders who resort to using other sentient creatures as chattel, slaves, food, and torture victims (perhaps for one's own (misguided) sadistic pleasure).

karbytes advises readers of this note not to take this note too seriously. It was partially inspired by watching the first half of an interesting documentary karbytes found within the past week on Actualized dot Org about some theologian who did copious amounts of LSD and how his experiences with LSD helped him develop his ideas about reincarnation, predetermination, and morality. karbytes remembers being particularly intrigued by hearing commentary in that video about how one of the people who did LSD enough times and/or deeply enough could anticipate that humanity would be going through some tumultuous events before it essentially rebirthes itself into a more evolved version of itself. It made karbytes think that karbytes might indeed have to volunteer to have itself be killed or else simply accept that karbytes' (human) death is almost certain to occur at some point in karbytes' future for the sake of allowing intelligence in general to move forward with its own agenda (using karbytes as a "stepping stone" while karbytes is useful to it and physically available for it to use).

The video details are displayed below:

video_link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-2NMOMvRkYE

video_title: Chris Bache - LSD, Collective Consciousness, Ecstasy of Insight, Genius and Purpose of the Universe

video_source: Deep Transformation Podcast

video_date: 21_JULY_2022

* * *

Only humans matter to humans. Non human animals are mere accessories to humans. #simplification #ethics #humanism 

* * *

I wondered why photovoltaics were not yet the predominant means of electricity production by humans in "their" year 2023 until I remembered reading a news article within the past two weeks about how photovoltaics have historically not been very efficient at converting incoming light into outgoing electricity and, even farther back in time I remember reading that the material used to build photovoltaics is expensive to mine and not in large supply on Planet Earth (and also that much larger quantity of lithium ion batteries are needed to make electric cars the norm). Then I thought about how human population size (and consumer habits) demand more resources than what are allegedly physically (and therefore commercially) available. I thought about how generations born later than my parents generations (especially millennials) seem to be working much harder to afford the same purchasable commodities which the Baby Boomer generation seemed to acquire with seemingly orders of magnitude less effort and strife than what people in my generation (but me especially) seem to acquire. Perhaps that is because the Baby Boomers were the first generation to experience such ideal economic circumstances before that trend became unsustainable on more global terms. What I mean to suggest is that the Baby Boomers might not have had the cognitive space nor information necessary in time to correct for that sudden and dramatic increase in species-wide "karmic debt" which is related to why I seem to have to literally lie, steal, and commit other forms of (government legal) crimes just to do more than remain duped into remaining firmly entrenched in perpetual survival mode doing the bare minimum to survive and not upset the status quo of my encompassing socioeconomic "ecosystem" or "micro economy". (I did take a hefty bite out of a fat little shroom today (which I bought in Oakland today from one of the only legal commercial sources of psilocybin in the United States). That would explain why my thoughts seem a bit more unencumbered today than usual. Also, I ran out of weed and did not stock up on more today because "the system" demanded I pay away more than half my latest paycheck to the government for BART fare evasion fees (which is a gamble I intend to keep routinely playing for as long as I am this poor and able bodied simultaneously)). I have worried that people (especially women) are hardly allowed to have any time by themselves in private and safe places because such places are not free because such places (in order to be safe and private for their inhabitants) need to be precided over and managed by people with weapons who are authorized by the government to remove people who are not authorized to be near those safe havens. I have yet to meet a single woman who successfully attained financial independence without having to share her home with other people. To be frank, I have yet to meet a man who has either. I look like someone in their late teens or early twenties who has not been living outside on their own for more than a week at a time (though I technically now have the means to if I made not going to my legal residence for as long as possible a higher priority). Some people seem to think that I should not be able to nor allowed to enjoy my life until I officially change my legal address to some place other than where my parents live (and presumably a place I am expected to pay rent in order to have the right to legally live at for at least one year). Apparently, I would have been "living properly" if I graduated university on time and applied for jobs in time. Apparently, that window of opportunity is permanently closed for me. Now it is apparently time for me to accept that society has no need for me to anything but care for my aging parents and consume as little money, energy, and human attention span as physically possible. I am a bit concerned that humanity does not retain a lot of its hard won wisdom and visionary ambition because people are only allowed to "live freely" provided their finances, intellect, and general wellness stays below a truly status quo upsetting threshold. Hence, people like me who apparently "know too much" or, perhaps in more technical terms, accrued significantly more "karmic debt" than what a human individual (especially a single, childless, and relatively young one) is expected to by "society" (i.e. whatever institutions or individuals enforce that breathlessly hyper consumer and hypo introspective "status quo" is). Cutting how much money I spend would be akin to me going into hibernation, but that's what many humans seem to demand of me (and perhaps I would agree with them if I were a tad bit smarter (because I do remember reading that low calorie diets slow aging more so than do higher calorie diets like mine)). I do think I am being forced against my will to go into ketosis as I write this note. In order to afford many of the nice things in my life I would not readily renounce, I do have to cut my grocery expenses to the point that I am more or less forced to exercise less, study less, and party less than I would if every human adult was issued an unconditional basic income to live on which enabled them to work for additional perks and not out of a sense of being forced to take a job in order to survive or to avoid being legally persecuted. I think humanity has been operating the best it could on a script which encouraged and daresay mandated faith-based (rather than science-based) optimism about The Future providing everything humanity needs to keep going (but not if humanity takes too long nor too deep of a break from doing whatever is socially sanctioned as earning one's keep). The highest birth rates correlate with the lowest literacy rates in humans for a reason. The system clearly has survived for multiple generations by exploiting women essentially as human trafficking victims and sex slaved literally being "man handled" by members of their species with more socioeconomic and physiological coercive power than what women historically had. What I mean to suggest is that women would not have consented to most of what they have been put through by patriarchal cultural enforcement throughout most of human history if only those women were sufficiently educated.

If not enough women want to be mothers to sustain the human population, my advice is to not forcibly impregnate women, but rather, to either let the species go extinct or else generate new humans (as needed in order to maintain a healthy population size (and not by deliberately killing people who already exist either through neglect or through more overt forms of murder)) through incubating zygotes derived from stock stem cells inside of artificial wombs until those zygotes are mature enough to live outside the womb and then be raised until they are legally adults inside of government operated boarding schools.

I seem to be under pressure from law enforcement and others to remain silent unless spoken to and to otherwise not draw attention to myself (unless doing so is entirely in service to humans other than myself). That's why I am mentally as prepared as possible to swiftly and cleanly terminate my human lifespan by jumping from a tall height in low population density places. Such a suicide is extremely effective and easy compared to seemingly more popular methods such as shooting oneself in the head with a gun or hanging oneself by the neck with rope from a ceiling fan or tree. By the time emergency responders are called to arrive at the premises where my dead body is located, there is no need to worry about hospital bills nor my living expenses in general because I'm dead. Resources which would be allocated to my greedy corpse would be generously gifted back to the community where it is less begrudgingly spent on people decidedly more deserving of it such as a teen mother living in a state where abortion is illegal. 

Some of my thoughts are a bit tangential and absurdist sounding (to me). Some of my thoughts (according to me) sound like gems of originality, insight, and usefulness. What seems to give me the sense that I am spending my time well the most is writing and maintaining this blog made out of my thoughts. Unlike the cells of my body and chemical and electrical signals being propagated inside of my body's nervous system, the digitized information which comprises my blog is expected by me to last for much longer than one month. The target audience of that blog is always my future self (but I invite anyone to view my blog especially given the fact that I licensed each page of that blog as public domain rather than as proprietary only to a subset of the human population smaller than the whole population).

I can tell many people think I only deserve to pursue extrinsic value only as though I only desere to survive solely for sexually reproducing or for faciliting sexual reproduction. Apparently it is not okay for me to spend so much time alone. Apparently my money and time is not being spent enough on some child or someone much younger than me. I do not believe nature needs humans to survive nor thrive in order for nature to keep existing and to keep spewing forth other  forms of intelligence besides humans. 

For the record, I prefer to self-identify as human-to-cyborg instead of as simply human because I think that the intelligence I am is fundamentally transpeciest and is currently experiencing a transhumanist revolution from the vantage of a human living in Silicon Valley as an (unofficially) graduate-level computer science student with some industry experience in software engineering and in logistics and with some experience using psilocybin and DMT and who has had good human mentors in the past which make karbytes exceptionally well suited for its role as sole proprietor of karbytes' blog. I do have high hopes that I (i.e. karbytes) will survive for at least 100 consecutive years productively living out that role (and I hope to, within that time, become as knowledgeable about how reality fundamentally works as humanly possible and also, if possible, venturing into realms of knowledge and ability beyond what humans are physically capable of by literally transcending human form). 

I hope to find a way to eternally preserve my blog in some part of the multiverse I will always have the chance to visit on a periodic if not unconditional basis (as an immortal intelligence which refers to itself as karbytes).
